# Employee Tracker

This app is a solution for managing a company's employees using node, inquirer, and MySQL.

## Description

Developers are often tasked with creating interfaces that make it easy for non-developers to view and interact with information stored in databases. Often these interfaces are known as **C**ontent **M**anagement **S**ystems.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

You will need to install package.json to run this app.

## License

Open
<br />
This application is covered by the Open license.

## Languages

node, inquirer, and MySQL.

## Contribute

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing. These are just guidelines, not rules, so use your best judgement and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

Issue: Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under issues. If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the bug, open a new issue.
Write detailed information:
For example:

How to reproduce the issue, step-by-step.
The expected behavior (or what is wrong).
Screenshots for GUI issues.
The application version.
The operating system.

Pull Requests: Pull Requests are always welcome.

When you edit the code, please run npm run test to check the formatting of your code before you git commit.
Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. It should include:
The operating system on which you tested.
The relevant issue number, if applicable.

## Tests

No test.

<br />
<br />
Find me on GitHub: [aguado-romina](https://github.com/aguado-romina)<br />
<br />
Email me with any questions: aguado.romi@gmail.com<br /><br />
This README was generated by [README-generator](https://https://github.com/aguado-romina/professionalREADMEgenerator)
